=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::Author::LESPEA - LESPEA's Dist::Zilla Configuration

=head1 VERSION

version 1.000000

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    #  In dist.ini:
    [@Author::LESPEA]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin bundle, in its default configuration, is equivalent to:

    [ArchiveRelease]
    [Authority]
    [AutoMetaResources]
    [AutoPrereqs]
    [CPANChangesTests]
    [CheckChangesTests]
    [CompileTests]
    [ConfirmRelease]
    [ConsistentVersionTest]
    [CopyFilesFromBuild]
    [CriticTests]
    [DistManifestTests]
    [DualBuilders]
    [EOLTests]
    [ExecDir]
    [ExtraTests]
    [FakeRelease]
    [GatherDir]
    [HasVersionTests]
    [InstallGuide]
    [KwaliteeTests]
    [License]
    [MakeMaker]
    [Manifest]
    [ManifestSkip]
    [MetaConfig]
    [MetaJSON]
    [MetaNoIndex]
    [MetaTests]
    [MetaYAML]
    [MinimumPerl]
    [MinimumVersionTests]
    [ModuleBuild]
    [NextRelease]
    [NoTabsTests]
    [PerlTidy]
    [PkgVersion]
    [PodCoverageTests]
    [PodSyntaxTests]
    [PodWeaver]
    [PortabilityTests]
    [PruneCruft]
    [ReportVersions::Tiny]
    [ShareDir]
    [Signature]
    [SynopsisTests]
    [TestRelease]
    [UnusedVarsTests]
    [UploadToCPAN]

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 -remove

This option can be used to remove specific plugins from the bundle. It
can be used multiple times.

Obviously, the default is not to remove any plugins.

Example:

; Remove these two plugins from the bundle
-remove = CriticTests
-remove = GithubMeta

=head2 version, version_major

This option is used to specify the version of the module. The default
is 'auto', which uses the AutoVersion plugin to choose a version
number. You can also set the version number manually, or choose
'disable' to prevent this bundle from supplying a version.

Examples:

; Use AutoVersion (default)
version = auto
version_major = 0
; Use manual versioning
version = 1.14.04
; Provide no version, so that another plugin can handle it.
version = disable

=head2 copy_file, move_file

If you want to copy or move files out of the build dir and into the
distribution dir, use these two options to specify those files. Both
of these options can be specified multiple times.

The most common reason to use this would be to put automatically
generated files under version control. For example, Github likes to
see a README file in your distribution, but if your README file is
auto-generated during the build, you need to copy each newly-generated
README file out of its build directory in order for Github to see it.

If you want to include an auto-generated file in your distribution but
you I<don't> want to include it in the build, use C<move_file> instead
of C<copy_file>.

The default is to move F<README.pod> out of the build dir. If you use
C<move_file> in your configuration, this default will be disabled, so
if you want it, make sure to include it along with your other
C<move_file>s.

Example:

copy_file = README
move_file = README.pod
copy_file = README.txt

=head2 synopsis_is_perl_code

If this is set to true (the default), then the SynopsisTests plugin
will be enabled. This plugin checks the perl syntax of the SYNOPSIS
sections of your modules. Obviously, if your SYNOPSIS section is not
perl code (case in point: this module), you should set this to false.

Example:

synopsis_is_perl_code = false

=head2 release

This option chooses the type of release to do. The default is 'real,'
which means "really upload the release to CPAN" (i.e. load the
C<UploadToCPAN> plugin). You can set it to 'fake,' in which case the
C<FakeRelease> plugin will be loaded, which simulates the release
process without actually doing anything. You can also set it to 'none'
if you do not want this module to load any release plugin, in which
case your F<dist.ini> file should load a release plugin directly. Any
other value for this option will be interpreted as a release plugin
name to be loaded.

Examples:

; Release to CPAN for real (default)
release = real
; For testing, you can do fake releases
release = fake
; Or you can choose no release plugin
release = none
; Or you can specify a specific release plugin.
release = OtherReleasePlugin

=head2 archive, archive_directory

If set to true, the C<archive> option copies each released version of
the module to an archive directory, using the C<ArchiveRelease>
plugin. This is the default. The name of the archive directory is
specified using C<archive_directory>, which is F<releases> by default.

Examples:

; archive each release to the "releases" directory
archive = true
archive_directory = releases
; Or don't archive
archive = false

=head2 vcs

This option specifies which version control system is being used for
the distribution. Integration for that version control system is
enabled. The default is 'git', and currently the only other option is
'none', which does not load any version control plugins.

=head2 allow_dirty

This corresponds to the option of the same name in the Git::Check and
Git::Commit plugins. Briefly, files listed in C<allow_dirty> are
allowed to have changes that are not yet committed to git, and during
the release process, they will be checked in (committed).

The default is F<dist.ini>, F<Changes>, and F<README.pod>. If you
override the default, you must include these files manually if you
want them.

This option only has an effect if C<vcs> is 'git'.

=encoding utf8

=for Pod::Coverage configure mvp_multivalue_args

=head1 AUTHOR

Adam Lesperance <lespea@gmail.com>

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Perldoc

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

  perldoc Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::Author::LESPEA

=head2 Websites

The following websites have more information about this module, and may be of help to you. As always,
in addition to those websites please use your favorite search engine to discover more resources.

=over 4

=item *

Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA>

=item *

RT: CPAN's Bug Tracker

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA>

=item *

AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA>

=item *

CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA>

=item *

CPAN Forum

L<http://cpanforum.com/dist/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA>

=item *

CPANTS Kwalitee

L<http://cpants.perl.org/dist/overview/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA>

=item *

CPAN Testers Results

L<http://cpantesters.org/distro/D/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA.html>

=item *

CPAN Testers Matrix

L<http://matrix.cpantesters.org/?dist=Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA>

=back

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests by email to C<bug-dist-zilla-pluginbundle-author-lespea at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-Author-LESPEA>. You will be automatically notified of any
progress on the request by the system.

=head2 Source Code

The code is open to the world, and available for you to hack on. Please feel free to browse it and play
with it, or whatever. If you want to contribute patches, please send me a diff or prod me to pull
from your repository :)

L<http://github.com/lespea/dist-zilla-pluginbundle-author-lespea>

  git clone git://github.com/lespea/dist-zilla-pluginbundle-author-lespea.git

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2011 by Adam Lesperance.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

BECAUSE THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE SOFTWARE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT
WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED BY THE ABOVE LICENCE, BE LIABLE
TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

